I am Naveed, I am a passionate software developer. I have a proven experience of 5.5 years of experience as a software engineer. I have a great experience in Node.js, NestJS, Angular, ReactJS, .Net framework, .Net Core, and .Net 6. I am fluent in JavaScript, TypeScript, and c# for both back-end as well as front-end development. I have a great experience in relational databases including MySQL, Postgres, SQL Server, and Oracle. I have good experience in Mongo and DocumentDb as well. I have been working on the scalability aspect of software systems along with writing CICD pipelines for microservices for the last 1 year as a team lead. I have got very good exposure to Kubernetes, containerization, CI/CD, and other related stuff. I have a very vast exposure including almost all of the major cutting edge technologies. I am fluent in using AWS Cloud services both from the console as well as from CLI. I also have experience in using Azure services like Azure function, Service Bus, APIM, App Insights, Alerts, etc.

I am fluent in English and have long been working with American clients directly. I am fully aware of the American work environment and culture. I am a team player.

In my opinion, the most important qualities which make me a real problem solver are a focus on details, my ability to diagnose existing issues, and my ownership of work. Software development is my passion and I have been doing coding for more than 24 hours in the past, obviously with quick meal breaks. In my opinion, the most frequent task in software development is finding and fixing existing issues and I am really an expert in it.

My career goal is to continue polishing my software engineering skills and ultimately become a great software system architect. I am also learning more advanced aspects of cloud computing, scalability, and security of software systems.

My hobbies include reading books, learning things mostly from Udemy and also I am interested in ethical hacking and pentesting slowly learning it as well.
